How many people do you
know that are exactly like you?
I mean, 100% identical down to mannerisms,
personality, the way you speak.
Maybe one if you're a twin.
But otherwise, you have
a unique combination of traits,
personality quirks, and experiences
that make you who you are.
And so do each of your
coworkers and colleagues.
So if everyone is different, why
would we expect all sales reps to engage
with customers in the exact same way?
The short answer is, we don't.
You may have noticed that there were
several different ways to engage with
customers in each store section above.
That's because we know that
sales reps will feel comfortable
using different sales styles,
and we believe that's a good thing.
It's important to play to your
own personality and strengths so you come
across as confident and knowledgeable
when you're approaching a customer.